what's up everyone the 798 610 and today
we're going to have more random pack
openings yes we're starting to get down
to less and less patch so here we go I
think we only have eight packs left
let's say we're going to randomly just
choose and then of course whatever we
have left will be for the next random
pack opening so yeah let's get started
first we have we're going with this this
I my eyes closed of course you guys
can't tell like you're just gonna have
to trust me there and I don't know of
this one see I did I get for ya okay I
got for ya these will be the four packs
for next time as you guys can see and
here we go for today's four packs that
we have two of the Jade and then to
electric Overlord go at the Jaden with
church hope we see more adult pack the
future I guess the ten that we're going
to be getting soon kind of replaces
those packs but i still hope we get more
duels packed in future a neo-spacian
flare scarab that will go with what we
got before from Jane backs not bad I
still like newest patients like I said
it's just I just wish they worked a
little better take that negative side
effect to them where they go back you
know afterwards and maybe tues all right
now the chip card because these things
are really valuable and we have a ella
to hero wildedge and that's it yeah it's
one of the like misprint want to thank
all the Jaden pack ponds are where it
says edge ma'am when the trailers would
say bladed John my camera can focus on
that but yeah not too bad a lot of hero
stuff in that pack so that's pretty cool
and galactic overlord what would see
more don't hero support too gotta love
elemental heroes right let's see what
are we going to get from this and take
their gig a cricket and beat wrong well
that's not bad at all beetron is pretty
awesome and it's ultra rare so who
that's always great to get a whole I've
never even complain about a hollow not
bad I like that card to the kind of he
looks like a Digimon to me does he look
like a Digimon anyone else I was really
hoping to come in handy for like in
sectors yourself
Thank I've ever seen that I'm sector DAC
that's in the meadow really you know
that big tournaments ever use one that's
unfortunate but I guess you could for
fun like raid data list that's pretty
good a panel in section and yeah we only
got final m section so only rare but not
bad we got a holo from these four so no
complaints here so hope you guys have
enjoyed we got all these awesome tip
cards here that are worth thousands and
yeah remember we have former pets to go
hope you guys are enjoying the random
pack openings and yeah if this if you
guys really enjoy the rain of packing of
course keep hitting the like button on
them it will show me that you want this
to continue and afterwards when we're
done opening these last packs i will
order more if you guys really want that
to happen yeah as always thanks for
watching and I'll catch you guys later
see you